Let me first introduce you to the Apache PDFBox library.
Let's look at a few interesting facts about the library.
It was first developed as a personal project back in 2002
and then became an Apache project in 2008.
It is now published under the Apache License 2.0.
The nice thing about the PDFBox library is that it's cross‑platform,
meaning it can be used on many different operating systems.
If you'd like to find out more facts about Apache PDFBox,
you can go to pdfbox.apache.org, which is the official website for the library.
So why use Apache PDFBox?
Well, we are talking about PDFs here, right?
So using this API,
you can build Java applications that can work with PDF documents.
When we say "work with PDF documents," it means we can create new PDF
documents and add content to them from a Java application, and a also to
manipulate PDFs by extracting content, editing,
validating, encrypting, splitting and merging PDFs, and so on.
Here are some more reasons for you to use the PDFBox library.
It is open source and most importantly, Java based,
meaning the library itself is written in Java,
which makes it really easy to use it in a Java application. And for that matter,
it can be used with any JVM‑based language such as Groovy, Scala, Clojure, and Kotlin.